Introduce GraalVM Native Image reports. (#20)
graalvm/setup-graalvm: README.md

> | `set-java-home` | `'true'` | If set to `'true'`, instructs the action to set `$JAVA_HOME` to the path of the GraalVM installation. |

Reviewer: What if there's more than one GraalVM installation?

Author: I believe the last run wins. So far, however, we haven't seen any use cases that require two different GraalVM installations.

Reviewer: In which case, I think it would be good practice to report to the user the new value of $JAVA_HOME. Or at least log it somewhere.

Author: Right, GitHub Actions supports that by [enabling debug logging](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/monitoring-and-troubleshooting-workflows/enabling-debug-logging). Then, this line will trigger some additional logging and print the path to `JAVA_HOME`: https://github.com/graalvm/setup-graalvm/blob/c2c2a821994792cab6df1f0f05eec4bf9442db7d/src/main.ts#L65

AFAIKT, the official [`setup-java`](https://github.com/actions/setup-java) action doesn't explicitly print the path either.

> | `cache`         | `''`     | Name of the build platform to cache dependencies. It can be `'maven'`, `'gradle'`, or `'sbt'` and works the same way it does in [actions/setup-java][setup-java-caching]. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `cache`         | `''`     | Name of the build platform to cache dependencies. It can be `'maven'`, `'gradle'`, or `'sbt'` and works the same way as described in [actions/setup-java][setup-java-caching]. |
```

| `check-for-updates` | `'true'`  | [Annotate jobs][gha-annotations] with update notifications, for example, when a new GraalVM release is available. |
| `native-image-job-reports` *) | `'false'` | If set to `'true'`, post a job summary containing a Native Image build report. |

> | `native-image-musl` | `'false'` | If set to `'true'`, sets up [musl] for building [static images][native-image-static] with GraalVM Native Image *(Linux only)*. [Example usage][native-image-musl-build] (be sure to replace `uses: ./` with `uses: graalvm/setup-graalvm@v1`). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `native-image-musl` | `'false'` | If set to `'true'`, sets up [musl] to build [static binaries][native-image-static] with GraalVM Native Image *(Linux only)*. [Example usage][native-image-musl-build] (be sure to replace `uses: ./` with `uses: graalvm/setup-graalvm@v1`). |
```

| `native-image-pr-reports` *) | `'false'` | If set to `'true'`, post a comment containing a Native Image build report on pull requests. Requires `write` permissions for the [`pull-requests` scope][gha-permissions]. |

> **) Make sure that Native Image is used only once per build job. Otherwise, the report is generated only for the last Native Image build.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**) Make sure that Native Image is used only once per build job. Otherwise, the report is only generated for the last Native Image build.*
```
